-: Welcome back.
In this lecture we are going to deploy all the three apps
whatever is present here, 0 1, 0 2, and then 0 3.
At that time using cube CTL, apply hyphen R
hyphen F cube manifests 0 2 applications, right?
And then verify those things.
So before that, we already verified
if RDLDB is up and running.
So for UMS service to be functional.
Okay, so now let me copy this.
Cubist cube CTL apply hyphen.
All right,
so let me go here and then clear the stuff.
And I am in 0 9 0 to far get profiles Advancer Yamel.
So Cube CTL, apply, hyphen R, hyphen F so
that all recursively all whatever the folders
inside that Yammel files are there
those things going to get created.
So namespace NS app one created
and inside that deployment service English created
and namespace NS app to creator
and inside that deployment service and English creator
same for NS UMS also.
Okay, so now once it is created we need to go ahead
and then verify the stuff, right?
So I'll say clear, you see it here.
Get ingress and hyphen iPhone, all hyphen name spaces.
So we'll see that
in all name spaces Ingres got created or not.
So app one, Ingress service got created
and this is the address for it.
App two got created
this is the address.
UMS English service got created
and this is the address.
Okay, so that's good thing.
So on the next thing is
so we need to verify how the parts are coming up.
Okay, so let me clear
and then I'll secure it here
get parts,
and then if you want to see
from specific namespace you can say hyphen N
and then I'll say NS app one.
And then if I want I can even say
hyphen one four, seeing the far get notes
whatever it is going to schedule, right?
But NS app one belongs to our specific easy to worker notes.
So that's the reason if I say NS, Apple and Hyphen,
it is pres-
it is running unmanaged note groups.
So this doesn't have any Target profile, but if I go here
and then verify for app two, so it should be running
on a Target node in the same way for NSUMS, right?
Get parts for NSUMS.
Again, it should be showing for far get notes so
So if you want we can even see all at a time
using cube CTL get ports, hyphen, hyphen, all
name spaces and hyphen O wide.
So even we'll get the cube system
and then default name spaces, but that's fine.
Okay, so you can find four Target notes.
So SOS app two related app two
and then user management microservice.
These are running with Target.
So another important thing is
so we already know that one is to one ratio.
How many Target notes use
how many parts you're going to schedule
that many Target notes gets created.
So if you go here and then verify Ingenics app two
is going to be scheduled on Target.
So it's replica R two
in the same way User management microservice deployment
also replicates R two.
So which means, get notes high for no wire.
So you should have six notes here, right?
So four for Target, 1, 2, 3, 4 for Target
and two for our regular EKS manager node groups.
So that's good thing.
So we verified all these things.
Now, let's go ahead
and then verify ALB and then target groups.
So verify ALB, ISS, and then rules.
So let's go to EC2 and go to load balances,
right?
So we went to load balances
and we have three Ingres services
which are three load balances getting created now.
And if you see here it's equal
and rules are also getting created.
Okay? So and now we'll go to target groups
three target groups created out of which you can see.
One is with instance
because we can figured it to be created with instance, okay?
And if you see it here, so it's coming
up and then it's already showing healthy, okay?
And because that is app one nix will come faster, right?
So that's the thing.
And this is going to be app too.
And this is also healthy
and mostly this shows also he not we'll crosscheck, okay?
It'll take time for our UMS because we have the liveliness
and readiness probes inside that, right?
So, but anyway,
we'll crosscheck how that board is coming up.
Okay? So hyphen N, NS hyphen UMS, right?
And see what's going on there.
So it's up, it's up.
Okay, so no issues, no restarts, everything is good.
So if you want we can even see logs hyphen F cube
city logs, hyphen F and the port name is this one,
right?
And I am going to say hyphen N, NS, UMS. Okay?
So to see that logs also good, right?
So started user management application.
JM is running
okay from 51
within 51 seconds it took to create it.
Okay? So initializing the spring dispatcher
everything looks good
for our UMS application also it might take a while for us.
So let me do a refresh here.
All target groups refresh
and go back here and then these are also healthy.
Good. So that's good.
So now the next thing here is target groups verified
and then load balancers verified.
So now we are going to verify that route 53, right?
So we'll go and then verify route 53
all the new domains got created.
So go to hosted zones, right?
And then we will go inside Q1cloud.com, right?
Q1 cloud, okay.
And if you see here
we should have something called app one
app two and then UMS those looks good.
So one thing we can even crosscheck is
NS look for ensuring
Why? Because sometimes it takes, DNS changes takes,
takes time
or when we are rewriting the stuff
we are doing it for the first time nothing will happen.
But same manifest if you delete and then recreate
sometimes you are going to have route 53 issues.
Okay? So that's the reason always good to verify, right?
So app one and we'll also verify
for app two and then we'll also verify for UMS.
Okay?
So in addition to this you also need to crosscheck this
with the DNS names here.
Ideally if, if you feel like there are issues
with your application access, so you need to go here
and go to EC2, and go to load balancer.
So what you're going to do is NS look
up your MS coupon cloud.com got two IP's here, right?
3.3 and then 18.95.
So now I'll go to the load balancer here, I-
the way I check it, crosscheck it.
Any route 53 caching issues is happening or not is this way.
Okay?
So go to tax and this is app funding
rest service and the next one is app two.
And this is you are missing this service from tags.
I found that.
Okay, so I'll go to description
and I'll copy this DNS name and then I'll say
and let's look up right and then I'll paste it here.
Okay? And now if you see it here, 3.3
from my load balancer DNS name, I'm getting 3.3
and then this 3.3, whatever it matches for me.
So which clearly
and even 95
and 95 which clearly confirms that I am good in
now I can go ahead and then access my applications.
Okay, so sometimes when you're rewriting the stuff
and then redeploying, redeploying, redeploying
ideally there will be route 53 cache related issues.
So that's the reason cross-checking like this are waiting
for half an hour, 30 minutes and then again coming back
and redeploying usually fixes the stuff.
Okay,
now let's go back and then access the applications.
Okay, so we have three applications to access.
So this is app one application, open link in new tab, right?
So it's working right?
App one dot Q1 cloud.com is up and running.
So this should be app two, I need to correct it.
Okay? So I will correct it.
Okay, so I have fixed it app
2 Q1 cloud slash app two dot index start html.
Okay, so now app two also with different colors available.
Now user management microservice health status, I
I'm cross-checking, okay, it's up and running.
So if you want to list users directly on browser
you'll get them right.
So these are the users we have in this application.
We can see it here or you can go ahead and then add
in our Postman project, the end on test it
which you we have done already multiple times.
Okay?
So one we can go ahead and then now delete these things
and then clear the stuff.
Okay, so I'll go here and then delete this.
Okay, so now we have completed all the work
and then testings.
So we are going to delete all of our zero two applications
okay? So I'll say Cube, CTL, delete hyphen R, hyphen F
cube manifest.
And then zero two applications.
So whatever we have created, everything should get
deleted now.
So once deleted we should not see anything here.
So let me close these things, right
And these things, okay
And here in Ingres services, nothing should be there.
All should go away, right?
It's going away, it'll take a while.
So target groups, it's going down.
So let's wait for a while to get these things deleted.
One thing we need to know about Target profiles
is whenever you deploy the pod inside
whenever you schedule our workloads on Target
what happens is it'll take a little bit
of time to create a Target node
and then schedule the pod inside that.
So why, because we really don't have a node.
It need to create a node
and then it need to install the cube let inside that.
And then using that cube let it needs to register
to our EKS cluster control plan and then check
for our respective scheduler and then get the data
and then schedule means like get that respective part
and then schedule on that Target node.
So it'll take a little bit of time.
Example, it takes only 10 less than two seconds
or three seconds to complete a scheduling
of a pod on easy to manage notes.
Then it might take 10 seconds to get scheduled
on Target. Something like that. Okay?
So there will be a delay even for delay also means
like deletion also you can see it'll, it'll be a delay.
So on manager note group it has deleted immediately
but on Target it took a little bit of time, right?
So that's about what I'm trying to clarify here
difference between that, okay?
This is only the difference from scheduling perspective
not on performance perspective.
Okay, so now we have deleted that.
So let's go back here
to our GI and then delete the profiles, right?
So we are going to delete the profiles.
The names app two on UMS only.
Hyphen profile is not there.
I am going to fix that.
This looks good now.
EKS, CTL, delete target profile from cluster EKS demo one
name is FP app two.
And then wait.
Okay, so wait
what it does is it'll EKS CTL will wait today
this profile is deleted
and one thing you need to remember here is like only one
after the one Target profile only we can delete it.
So you can remove weight
and then if you want to execute two commands
it is not going to delete.
So only one, one Target profile will be deleted first
and then next you can delete that second one.
Okay, so in orderly manner we need to delete these things.
We'll take close
to three to five minutes to delete these profiles.
So once deleted, everything will be clear
from Target profiles perspective
for us when we go back to her GitHub repo.
So if you see here, so there is a reference GitHub issue
for EL being rest with cross name spaces.
So the issue and then those related information
and then discussions about from 2015 onwards
about these cross name spaces you can find here
about workarounds and then all those things.
So whatever we have discussed here, right?
So whatever is not possible here
it's related current ongoing in GitHub issue
you can find the information here.
So this completes the Target related
two important sections.
One is Target profile basic
and then Target profile advanced.
Okay? So in our next lectures we'll focus on another topic
maybe like microservices are DevOps.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.